Detected language: en (probability: 0.99)

 sorry compliance and processes okay so uh so complex and processes that is uh related to
 learning process yes yes so anything which comes um for example i remember we do have one on kyc
 yes so i open up if you want me to i i'll open up intake let's let's go through it right away
 and let's see what case studies we should move forward and we can
 move for uh move back just give me a second okay meantime i'm quickly ready
 especially were you also able to find that any recent fundings or anything that they have money
 or not maybe our marketing team will search that and share with us no let the marketing also do
 a round of research yeah yeah yeah makes sense yeah but we we can do the uh funding uh part like
 i have to take three interviews today um same for me i know i know
 i have to do an interview for your team only okay
 who okay for a pm post uh now the chief architect i'm meeting someone called let me see his name
 yeah he's for uh resale solutions chief architect
 i don't know what he's going to do but he's quite experienced this guy so you you have a jd for
 acquisition
 yeah i do have uh jd so i'm taking interviews for two
 one that you were saying technical project yes and one with hardik for
 uh this so hardik and i are meeting first then
 okay okay this is more like a pre-sales head chief solution architect whatever you want to call it
 okay so uh this is a latest fintech uh
 let's go one by one about abscess is fine because our standard
 this is standard this so far this is standard right so this is where it starts
 so what is what is if you go back to slide six how does it make sense
 ready access to cream layer of contact and pool in india
 this is where we should also enter the line that we were just talking about
 ai enabled engineers yes with co-pilot experiencing
 co-pilot and cursor and wind proper yeah that's i think that would uh will create uh you know modern
 story
 and that is i i felt it's missing from our story all the time so this is the one so this is more
 on a marketing side right so this this the angle is marketing here so maybe you can just put a
 comment here and address to you know samir the one or who several works from market side
 that they need to enter this point
 uh so this copy is uh we are creating it for lindy right l-e-n-d-i landing group
 hi
 um
 all right oh your battery is about to die
 yeah oh no 10 10 it will go for an half an hour very nice so system do you
 my
 mac yeah old mac actually uh
 even cheats same here very old macbook air m1 m1 actually i'm on macbook here
 okay let's go okay so this one right so uh you are saying you need a change here
 of course name etc will change all the
 on first slide etc
 those are basic hygiene but here benefits under if you select benefits on the right hand side
 and just add a comment just select some text and add a comment
 okay
 at the top you will see comment oh okay you can add from here yeah i'll add floor block
 you can they can add a bullet
 point about ai enabled
 okay now so uh the ernesto from my team will work on this okay okay so i'll understand okay
 add
 ingenious yeah engineers
 with experience on co-pilot
 on sorry
 github cp i'm just writing down i'll i'll make it uh explicitly later okay
 how i'm sure
 yeah so this this will change this is so the the story will change here right so
 that's the thing
 generally what happens the why it's created that way is the first first of our six slides are for
 our sales guys right so and then and after six we'll switch the gear and then the tech guy will
 take over got it what is this like what is going on generally the total services right we oh okay
 but do you think uh
 um
 for digital we should have a different slide so that
 we move this digital to the you know left and then
 i i'll leave it there only especially because this is a very preliminary meeting and this
 is a meeting between you know two very high level people rohat would be meeting uh
 gm technology of landly group so i don't suppose that in very first meeting they'll go through the
 this deck in detail what is going to happen is of course they are going to have a lot of
 one-to-one even if they go through tech Rohit is not going to go deeper
 very next step that this he'll share the same deck with you know Devesh and his team and they
 will come back to us saying that we are interested to know more that that will happen no no I'm
 asking in general so for example from the digital standpoint our services are more digitally
 inclined right and so as a as a this this slide right it tells the story of digital transformation
 here but if you see the digital services are here we should I I agree we should swap data center
 Technologies with Enterprise solution yeah yeah that way just reorder these things which will have
 transformational Services Enterprise solution
 digital service first and then data center and ISV services yes yes okay yes we also should
 come before data center technology yes yeah so you can just add a comment here that restructure
 and move data center technology last and move digital services fast yes
 okay so this two slides so it's a sort of I will say uh so from this slide and there is a bit of
 conflict between them okay okay okay so this actually when you are presenting
 it it has no story as such if you see it it's just a repetition of these things
 but this one is more digital slide if I understand correctly and uh
 it doesn't speak at all about our storage capabilities yeah so the order actually should be
 like this
 actually yeah
 um and most probably we'll leave it there but I'll not be surprised if it gets one removed
 and merged yeah that's that's my interest um you've got to take this to Sheila 30 seconds okay
 um I do you mind I'll I'll send you the link sorry I thought you were dropping
 it all right I'm back all right so um we'll leave it there right now
 um we'll leave it there in fact while presenting this to Roy we can clearly tell him that we feel
 that these two slides can be merged into one or can be removed what is your opinion
 okay
 so
 This is more on a partnership. So this is like, I'm actually going in a reverse direction.
 So this is a slide three, which talks more about what we have done already.
 This is, this is a good slide. We can leave it as is.
 And this is, this is more about emphasis.
 This is slide number, sorry.
 This is two.
 This is mostly about emphasis.
 There is a repeated content though, overall.
 If you see here, right, it's, it's still repeating in thirds.
 So I strongly believe between slide two, four and five,
 you can only have
 a world of four and five, and two can also remove where your cursor is.
 And so it's transformational services.
 Yeah.
 So if you can get it to be structured in a way where it still looks balanced and maybe
 we, we talk, we can expand on global development centers within India.
 We can show multiple or now we are showing USA, India, IPEC.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think the guy who's working unless you will be able to figure out how to balance
 out this.
 No, no, no.
 I have the idea.
 He doesn't think.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 But let's think on how this still looks balanced after removing emphasis, transformational
 services.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 From aesthetic, like from the, you know, aesthetic side where you're saying, right.
 So we'll be.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is not a right side.
 Actually, there is a slide which has a map and everything and the locations.
 So I think that we'll add that slide.
 Okay.
 So you can just add a note that replace with better about this slide.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 So that I'll take care of this.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 About MCs.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 I think the key message here should be that our existence has been quite old, that it
 brings reliability and our strength.
 This needs to be changes 2000 plus.
 So it will give this point for sure that we are now talking 2000 plus enrollment.
 So, stories like we are in this business for so long, right, second is the kind of partnerships
 that we have built over the period of time and the kind of services that we offer, right,
 then moving to a fintech story.
 Kind of services also half baked on slide number two, if you read that, if you go back
 to last year, two sentences, if you go to slide two, again, the verticals are also not
 wrong digital transformation and ISVs are the only two verticals which is wrong, right?
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah, this one, right?
 Yes, yes.
 It should be infrastructure, right?
 Yeah, whatever beautiful name they call it, we call it internally, but I think the right language is on slide number four.
 Which is second last column, no, the very first data center technologies and enterprise solutions combined.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 This is the fancy name data center technologies.
 Yes.
 So that this is this, this requires change that is probably there also in the latest version.
 Maybe, maybe in your slide, you'll be able to find it.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Makes sense.
 Um,
 this has been number has been constant forever.
 Do you have any insights on this particular number?
 Let, let it be 1800.
 We can just check with Rohit.
 So you can highlight and keep it open for discussion.
 So you can, you can check this one presenting this to Rohit.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 That's fine.
 Let's move forward.
 So we are good round with this first one.
 Uh, the second one, right?
 Yeah.
 First, second, third.
 We are absolutely fine.
 This, this, we will change for Lindy group.
 Yeah.
 Uh, uh, since these guys prefer the having the logos from the, uh, the lead is a, is that a requirement?
 Yes.
 That would be obvious.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Just many basic standard.
 You know, practices, it's more like, uh,
 So we are giving you respect, give us respect back.
 Relatable we feel of that.
 So this is, so we are good here, right?
 We are good here.
 We are also good here.
 This rearrangement will take care of this.
 And we'll discuss with this and this with Rohit.
 Whether to merge it or keep it both.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 So, and then, uh, here we will add this suggestion that you suggested.
 Yeah.
 Uh, otherwise we'll keep it the same, right?
 After that, then there is a tech story.
 All right.
 All right.
 So there is, uh, actually for FinTech there, it's also too much content.
 I'll, I'll show you.
 All right.
 So this is a FinTech capabilities.
 What we do in FinTech specifically.
 Okay.
 All right.
 So this, this, this is all, all it is.
 So it's not very friendly.
 It's not very friendly view.
 I'll tell you.
 Hmm.
 But it has been there.
 The Hathi created this one.
 Yeah.
 Long time.
 Yeah.
 It should be better.
 Uh, relevant to our client is, uh, last three loyalty solutions, rest security compliance,
 AML and KYC.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So do you prefer not having this section?
 The paid specific refuse?
 Okay.
 So do you prefer not having this section?
 The obtained option?
 Yeah.
 It should be there.
 But if there is a way to, uh, this should be there.
 We should talk overall.
 Because the person that we are dealing with, he is very well recognized in FinTech world
 all over Australia.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 He has big tidal payments, which is a PTM of Australia.
 into multiple fintech startups and he was one of the founding members of all of them in terms of
 technology setup of these organizations so i think giving him overall picture is good and then maybe
 we can just put a note for rohit saying that you know last three things which is loyalty
 less security compliance and kyc is something which is relevant to his current work
 so that should be part of the story not highlighted in the slides
 the one thing that we should do is if we can get the aesthetics overall improved for this deck
 yeah this this one i'm sorry yeah this was i mean back in 2000 no offense to have them but
 somebody with aesthetic sense should get it then once for all
 you
 yeah so you're saying for for this for this uh version or you're saying in long term in long
 term in your master slide you should get it fixed and of course if it is there we can copy paste the
 updated version here as well yeah all right let's go to nine
 okay we'll move it down next
 in section
 so these are the sections so i think what we are going to prioritize out of these slides
 if you'll go back to slide number eight
 so loyalty so we should put risk security compliance loyalty solution
 aml and kyc slides up so 10 11 12 should be related to it and then current 10 11 12 can move
 down
 okay
 come again
 if you go to nine then 10 let's go to slide number nine
 yeah this is payment processing okay what's 10
 payment gateway 11
 mobile payment and cryptocurrency 12.
 is it now
 yeah
 now
 we're not sure
 but
 i'd like to make sure that up
 loyalty solution so this should
 before nine
 pick 12 and move it before nine
 yeah between eight and nine
 okay so it's going in this order actually
 i understood but i'm just trying to get
 their element stuff prioritized there was one company loyalty now but i'm just trying to get their relevant stuff prioritized
 okay so it's going in this order but i'm just trying to get their relevant stuff prioritized there was one company loyalty now
 now we had a call yesterday with uh that's a company based off of apec area but it is
 acquired by one of the fintech giants in australia oh okay which one i forgot the name of the
 acquiring company i'll i'll share you there is some somewhere in my notes okay if we go
 to slide 13 now okay and 14.
 hmm 15.
 okay so we'll pick 13 and 14.
 move it between 9 and 10.
 okay
 so now current 9 10 11 are the ones which are relevant then if rohit if you're sharing
 over the email there is no issues but then 12 13 14 is generally related to fintech but
 not relevant to legging
 okay and also it's too much so what happens is for it for a client like they lose interest
 if there are too many you know slides uh i know i know so it's easy to delete once we
 show to rohit uh sushi so i am giving him options to see and delete right now let's
 make it relevant and when we both will go to rohit we'll uh we'll take his inputs and
 get items removed. That's fine. So you keep everything till
 15th, right? Yeah, we we ourselves will call it out. We
 believe that this is irrelevant. But you think you should have
 it then we can like this is totally irrelevant. Yeah. Can we
 just hide it? For now? We can skip slide. Yeah, so we'll keep
 it. 17. This one, again. Okay, let's more
 on
 offering, right? Because there are two slides, which is slide
 number five and six talking about these things, then
 fintech service offering what is special in this. Okay, we can
 leave it here for now. And these could be moved to slide
 number, replace the slide number five, six, it should be
 rather there instead of
 just move it between six and seven. Yeah. Perfect. And you can
 remove 17. Yeah, perfect. So we have this new sequence.
 Oh,
 so I think four and five will either get merged or five will
 totally get removed. Yeah. And then seven make sense now. Right
 now, it's too much information being presented in three
 different way. Yeah. Okay, let's go to case studies. Sorry,
 there was another What was it? Go back to slide 18.
 Yeah, this is engineering capability. So this is not specific to fintech, but in general, MC services. Okay, let's go forward. So it has this. Why it was original thought to keep this lies was to, you know, highlight our platform building capabilities. Okay.
 into a
 let's go.
 quickly go to slide number 20, 2121 mobile. This is out of bliss. I feel this is mostly what's 22 cloud computing. Okay, 23.
 I feel this is mostly what's 22 cloud computing. Okay, 23. If you go back to what's the service called?
 If you go back to what's the service called?
 If you go back to what's the service called?
 Okay.
 So this is again, wrong place, right?
 Hmm.
 Okay.
 Moving forward, we will revisit this entire section.
 Moving forward, we will revisit this entire section.
 Hmm.
 Hmm.
 Hmm.
 Hmm.
 Hmm.
 So this is engagement models, right?
 So this is engagement models, right?
 Right now it's talk about us product work culture.
 Right now it's talk about us product work culture.
 So offense feeling Australia.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But it's not also in a standard.
 But it's not also in a standard. You know, the communication, you know, terms.
 But it's not also in a standard. You know, the communication, you know, terms. Right?
 But it's not also in a standard. You know, the communication, you know, terms. Right?
 For example, fix price or diamond material.
 For example, fix price or diamond material.
 So it's, it's very vague here.
 So it's, it's very vague here.
 Can. Can you remove us word right away from slide 36?
 Can. Can you remove us word right away from slide 26?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Let's go forward for now.
 now or we'll revisit after let's let's look at this section in totality 26 okay 26 is the last
 okay in my opinion this entire slide can be entire section can be hidden for roids discussion with
 person but when we share then we can share
 um okay we'll if you go to the beginning of section the master slide for this section
 just add a comment here
 the select mss engineering capabilities
 to be discussed with rohe and that section can be
 don't don't
 but we'll influence him in saying that this section is irrelevant for your meeting so
 we can hide this entire section but it can still be there if you want to quickly look
 in your preparation while you are talking to him
 or if you wanted to remove
 so then we can remove and while sharing the detail deck it can be added back
 because this is too much information for that very first meeting for cxos
 what i also feel siddharth is there should be at least one generic uh slide which is a
 combination of all this and there is there is that is your slide number five and six
 so yeah just just add the
 comment you didn't add it was it added oh yeah it's just there i thought we lost
 so this your slide number five and six at top that's what it talk talking about
 yeah yeah it's so four five six is talking same thing
 yeah now they are just being detailed cloud computing sre everything is talked in four five six
 yeah
 so this these slides were not created at one time they were created by different people
 in different context and they were bring together so they don't have relation with each other
 yeah which is fine we'll just leave it there and we'll tell them that we
 we strongly believe that this section is overwhelming and not required so but
 attempts taking that call
 okay these are go all at once
 case studies huh for case studies let's hold for now once you get the data for any job openings
 and any technology related information and we'll wait for marketing team also to get back to us
 that will help us make better calls for that okay yeah one case study that we have to merge
 from go first i'll share that case study with you so if you can get it created in your format
 which is before pay it's uh australia based it's again in loans so that is a direct map
 okay so let me in fact share that case study with you right away so that you can
 get it added in your format
 i need to
 my drive
 so
 um
 your email id yes shinde yes let me copy paste i'm too lazy
 yes
 so you must have received one email so this is also a loaning uh company based out of australia
 and
 of course they wish is a good friend with their
 ceo as well as yeah so we should get it added in your format unless you can do that
 it is it has all the information that is required for case study he can just copy based
 okay so this is from a golang uh account right this is from uh go first lab account
 you first
 knows the wish
 who so while you were onboarding this customer before they said can you
 can you ask your existing or previous clown claims to vouch for us
 so we gave davish's recommendation who's a very good friend of mine and he did this okay nice
 yeah all right so they're
 We'll we'll we'll ask Ernesto to
 which you can use later on for other things.
 Do we have any architecture diagram or
 something like that for this possibility to get?
 No, Sushil.
 Let's not put it that way.
 Australia is a market don't
 be never want to give any architectural work outside.
 They are too finicky about keeping their architecture with themselves.
 Oh,
 I've been working in Australia market for seven, eight years now,
 not even a single person wants to give at least the technology
 consideration and technology architecture has to be there.
 Oh, I mean, this is actually cutting edge technologies, right?
 So we are using.
 I'll be seeing.
 Yes, cool.
 My sample as well,
 we only recommended them to it was a recommendation and they adapted to it.
 Yeah.
 OK, we also some B.O.C. on temporal.
 OK, but so
 case studies, you're saying we'll we'll hold on for now.
 We'll.
 Yes.
 Once we have the information from marketing team.
 Also, you have added a list of job openings,
 relevant job openings in your document, then based upon that,
 we can see which one makes more sense and prioritize.
 We might even have to shuffle our previously finalized.
 That is.
 Yes, of course, she.
 Yeah, but this will get started for the shows.
 Yeah, this looks good.
 Yeah, well, then based on this, it will meet and then.
 We'll see what
 for domain will most probably do it on Monday.
 Tomorrow, tomorrow is a holiday in the office.
 Well, I'm taking a couple of interviews, but that's all I'm going to do tomorrow.
 You know, till the.
 I'm also busy with a big with a lot of KT stations and.
 I know, of course.
 Oh.
 All right, so she'll all the best.
 I know there's a lot of responsibility on you and you will shine.
 But
 since nobody can replace Hardik, Hardik is very, very smart.
 I actually tell you, I agree, but don't replace Hardik.
 Create your own order.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So no, no, no, no.
 From the map, the responsibility mapping standpoint, it's really hard to he think.
 I mean, he will he will think across the verticals and then he brings something in
 new, which is very unique.
 I know it was a short stint, but
 still, I'm going to say I'm going to miss
 him for his knowledge as well as his capability to ask the right questions
 to get the information out because I have he praised you a lot many times.
 He was your thought process and power and thought process.
 And being an interpreter, he actually told me so many times.
 And what the both things like us.
 So like very, very reasoning kind of attitude.
 So he took your name, but he does.
 OK, good to know, good to know.
 And you say she'll I'll drop off now too many things on my plate for today.
 Yeah, boy.
 Thank you.
